[wip]]TraceQL] add support for event attribute query (#3748)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/tempo/traceql/_index.md

### Attribute fields

> There are three types of attributes: span attributes, resource attributes, and event attributes. By expanding a span in the Grafana UI, you can see both its span attributes (1 in the screenshot) and resource attributes (2 in the screenshot).

Reviewer: I'm not sure about this one: What do you think about introducing the concept of scopes here instead of describing them as "attribute types"?
```suggestion
TraceQL has three different attribute scopes: span attributes, resource attributes, and event attributes. By expanding a span in the Grafana UI, you can see both its span attributes (1 in the screenshot) and resource attributes (2 in the screenshot).
```

{ span.db.system =~ "postgresql|mysql" }
```

You can query for an exception in your span event
```

> { event.exception.message ~= "something went wrong" }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{ event.exception.message =~ "something went wrong" }
```

> { event.exception.message =~ "something went wrong" }

Reviewer 2: maybe 
```
{ event.exception.message =~ ".*something went wrong.*" }
```
or 
```
{ event.exception.message = "something went wrong" }
```
